content/pages/home.md, before:

---
title: "Aura | AI-Powered Personalized Skincare Routine"
description: "Get your personalized minimalist skincare routine in minutes. AI-powered skin analysis through selfies + smart quiz = 2-3 essential products tailored to you."
layout: "home"
page_id: "home"

# Hero Section
hero:
  title: "Your Skin, Simplified by Science"
  subtitle: "AI-powered skin analysis meets personalized care. Take a selfie, answer a few questions, and get a minimalist routine with 2–3 essential products from our curated, ingredient-transparent catalog."
  image: "images/hero/hero-main.jpg"
  image_alt: "Woman analyzing her skin with Aura's AI-powered skincare app on her phone"
  cta_primary:
    text: "Start Your Skin Analysis"
    url: "#contact"
    icon: "fa-sparkles"
  cta_secondary:
    text: "See How It Works"
    url: "#services"
    icon: "fa-play-circle"

# Sections to Show
sections:
  show_value_props: true
  show_services: true
  show_why_choose: true
  show_testimonials: true
  show_cta: true

# Services Section
services:
  title: "Your Path to Perfect Skin in 3 Simple Steps"
  custom_cta:
    show: true
    title: "Ready for healthier skin?"
    description: "Join thousands who've simplified their skincare with Aura"
    button_text: "Get Started Free"
    button_url: "services.html"

# CTA Section
cta:
  title: "Ready to Transform Your Skincare Routine?"
  description: "Start your free skin analysis today and discover the products your skin actually needs"
  background_image: "images/hero/hero-main.jpg"
  buttons:
    - text: "Analyze My Skin Now"
      url: "#contact"
      icon: "fa-sparkles"
      style: "primary"
    - text: "Learn More"
      url: "#services"
      icon: "fa-info-circle"
      style: "white"
  guarantee:
    icon: "fa-shield-check"
    text: "100% Ingredient Transparency • Science-Backed Recommendations • Free Analysis"

# SEO
seo:
  canonical: "/"
  og_type: "website"
  og_image: "https://aura.ai/images/social/og-image.jpg"
  twitter_card: "summary_large_image"
  twitter_image: "https://aura.ai/images/social/twitter-card.jpg"
---

# AI-Powered Skincare That Actually Works

Welcome to Aura - your personalized skincare solution powered by artificial intelligence. We analyze your skin through selfies and a smart quiz, then create a minimalist routine with only the essentials your skin truly needs.

Commit message:

Update hero and CTA sections with soft illustration designs
- Replace hero background with beautiful soft pastel botanical illustration
- Update CTA section with gentle, caring illustration design
- Change gradient overlays from dark to soft lavender-rose and lavender-mint
- Gradients now complement the brand's caregiver personality (85-90% opacity)
- Creates warm, approachable, and calming visual experience
- Maintains readability while showcasing brand softness and fun personality

content/pages/home.md, after:

---
title: "Aura | AI-Powered Personalized Skincare Routine"
description: "Get your personalized minimalist skincare routine in minutes. AI-powered skin analysis through selfies + smart quiz = 2-3 essential products tailored to you."
layout: "home"
page_id: "home"

# Hero Section
hero:
  title: "Your Skin, Simplified by Science"
  subtitle: "AI-powered skin analysis meets personalized care. Take a selfie, answer a few questions, and get a minimalist routine with 2–3 essential products from our curated, ingredient-transparent catalog."
  image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1612817288484-6f916006741a?w=1920&q=80"
  image_alt: "Soft pastel illustration of woman with glowing healthy skin surrounded by gentle botanical elements"
  cta_primary:
    text: "Start Your Skin Analysis"
    url: "#contact"
    icon: "fa-sparkles"
  cta_secondary:
    text: "See How It Works"
    url: "#services"
    icon: "fa-play-circle"

# Sections to Show
sections:
  show_value_props: true
  show_services: true
  show_why_choose: true
  show_testimonials: true
  show_cta: true

# Services Section
services:
  title: "Your Path to Perfect Skin in 3 Simple Steps"
  custom_cta:
    show: true
    title: "Ready for healthier skin?"
    description: "Join thousands who've simplified their skincare with Aura"
    button_text: "Get Started Free"
    button_url: "services.html"

# CTA Section
cta:
  title: "Ready to Transform Your Skincare Routine?"
  description: "Start your free skin analysis today and discover the products your skin actually needs"
  background_image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1544306094-e2dcf9479da3?w=1920&q=80"
  buttons:
    - text: "Analyze My Skin Now"
      url: "#contact"
      icon: "fa-sparkles"
      style: "primary"
    - text: "Learn More"
      url: "#services"
      icon: "fa-info-circle"
      style: "white"
  guarantee:
    icon: "fa-shield-check"
    text: "100% Ingredient Transparency • Science-Backed Recommendations • Free Analysis"

# SEO
seo:
  canonical: "/"
  og_type: "website"
  og_image: "https://aura.ai/images/social/og-image.jpg"
  twitter_card: "summary_large_image"
  twitter_image: "https://aura.ai/images/social/twitter-card.jpg"
---

# AI-Powered Skincare That Actually Works

Welcome to Aura - your personalized skincare solution powered by artificial intelligence. We analyze your skin through selfies and a smart quiz, then create a minimalist routine with only the essentials your skin truly needs.
